and there is everyone it's true we get
found today for a new
video a little bit special video coming out
before the video is normal they get
withdraw at 18 hours so today we
is found for some kind of tutorial for
the use of the site g2a who like you
know was started a little
not so long ago we can
see in particular in the
ba2 descriptions of some
youtuber like itunes com you go
see there for example look g2a points
like watching
here is htv au mans series 6 and stuff
thingy
so basically this site is a style that
saves money
so you sign up on the site that
is g2a points as so says you have
your site then you go on g2a
goldmine and in real data or six as
So I am since the day before yesterday and
then I did not understand too much
and suddenly I looked at some
some videos for use and
otherwise frankly that's okay that's it
good prison that's what so in fact in
big you sign up and there you have so
full of stuff stuff the field me i
won 0 for now the solution that
feet of water the day before yesterday so there you have
your how to win so you have a
kind of tutorials to read so for 10
minutes but it's pretty boring
personally I did not read so she
should have dropped his charge a message
it's good so here you are
have something
that's short so in fact we can really
to make a lot of money there were 600
euros a day i'm not at the c then
wait, know it has missed a long time
since I 'm doing a lot
download so finally short line
in France is that's not bad
as you could see there is punish not
and then other people I do not know
especially
and then in the brief we do not care
how to use it again
already you go on tools and then you
can create links so who's
load section is long and normally
his load
no no no sacha here then here you have
some links that are from Aignan for
games would be like that you click
to add more
so you see you your children you
opened a new page and 2a and you
go squarely on g2a dot com and
you do not go on goldman so his
charge a brief here we laugh but I
I did not bundle that I'm drunk here by
example you go I do not know me
want to do some kind of pub actually
for years some young people have for example
for watchdog you are going to click on
your blog and then you have so
normally stumbled on a trick so
here is watchdog at playes cdf something
like that
and normally whenever
someone buys this game keeps won
5euro 23 if someone buys this game in
using your goldmine rifle inc in
know more so suddenly if you go
copy this link here and you go the
place then you will call your
your your girlfriend you are going to give
a name to your your link for example
watchdog watchdog pc and call it
watchdog pc so morally stage i
been taken if I see it then I 'm doing so
I'll put my nickname after
here you are going to create the link in quad
jacques pc windows 7
his week a minimum of time to load
for those as a connection is what
I received messages that did not agree
here you have seen that there you have
your your link that was created me I
just sure that gentlemen here suppresses
you stranger tanger and removes time
so you go in my profile then
so you go back in my profile
finally in your profile earlier this is
what scored there and you're going to do
like that so here you go click
on the link me I have 4 but there you go
so you're going to click on that one
you will copy and copy then you
have to share the forums
any legal one of the forums and
Then I will explain how
market
so I explain to you a little how
walk up a team so you have
was activity this is to see the
people who come to visit from
your your link and you'll see on
my team then for on my team
you have two people finally I have
two people basically my team that
walk as you have who marked link
of invitation you are copied
this and if one of your friends sign up
on the site
so you're going to share this link for him
register as you can see if
for example I stick my link here so
his load are basically working that I
can register on the site with that
here I am going to register directly and in
does people who will register with
your link well that's it you
would put in your team
ie level 1 but if
someone buys a game with the link of
this person or seven people
know beyond that will bring you back
the money it will bring you maybe
less than 60%
then if someone registers with the
name the invitation link of someone who
signed up with your link that's it
passed to level 2 if for example him there he
give his invitation link h for example
sir x well x sir who's going to
find in level 2 okay and
sir x bring you about 30%
two if you buy something
and it works for levels 3 6
me qsi en ag sie.xe dancehall invitation
to someone and that they register with save
placed in level 3 then there's no
there's no other stuff so it's easy
to take in hand and then it's ca c if
alright so if for example you have a
if you have created your dog and that
friend will sign up so that you reading
register do not hesitate to daniel
hien your friends so me mine the link
an empty registration will be standardized in
the description
here and then you can buy your
games do not hesitate to share
for now I have some people
equipped and then so there is no
bad of youtube hours doing advertising
for this site
mumbai nausea to +10 straw there are also
there is and kyo and then after I do not see
other people who have been doing since for
site but for now description
I saw that so my invitation link
will be in the discussion for those who
want to register register
not to register with that and I
for the moment, give Ben no
done I do not care about it so here's for
the moment you go you will be able
make money with that and so
then for to withdraw the money you
will put pay you will put I
do not know me for example
in fact to transfer against it
must give a euro
so if you have if you have choice
month 100 years in euros you will put
100 euros and then there are two
euros each time it increases and that
you liked your email address
thing for the trick here if you
do you remember that payments on
Germany can take towards a
skillful player short after that 's it
transfer on paypal so you can
buy your games and all with that and then
and then so here I hope that this tutorial
you have a little bit and then I have you
disappointed to discover a little the site the
site g2a for com and especially how
we could get a little
pocket money
an episode 20 a special video on
appugliese normally and and then to
18 hours we meet again for the video
pilot randomness more everyone had
whaou